Something good for the read of the journey
I will challenge a somewhat unusual timelapse
Hmm
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Taking pictures continued from the stopped place and say the time lapse
Like this but I think that generally do today is that enjoy the passage of time at that location
I tried to fix the camera forcibly with a tripod in the package
I would like to return the time rough number in this state and drive the car
Well what kind of picture can you take?
me
Hmm
pou dou dou
B 4
Yes on arrival then end the time escape
Or it would have taken in any wind to the Well
Yes I did not use any car mount boot this time
This tripod is one of eight cheap items on this place
8 Wear the nx like a normal photo shoot
A little school for a back leg book
Kramer's
Make it bite to the part that is concave in a good feeling
I tried to shoot while avoiding the falling and moving while traveling
A fine day like today a
Even though I'm try doing now today I thought that I think we also take well
In fact, the other day the cloudy sky was also taken in the evening
Atmosphere that the time when the car at 0 o'clock started to turn on lights is quite good
Because it was
a little
Please see
Ah ah ah
me
ban
m was
me
bea
pm 2
Well is Ska c electrical
A little a because here there is a corresponding
Caught in the mountain Oh
Kudaranaku and I think that is dark but good
Oh, I still colored leaves in Hokkaido
It is boring
I think that either did not use Okuda
After a little more, here is the beginning of this area, and daddy king
of
Google + book uploaded the other day
Photos of the starry sky is Tsutsu
I wonder where it is here
There is an observation deck on the upper side to see this dam well though
8 there
You can see the starry sky so beautifully because it's from the middle of the line
I can not write whether it is good here or not Scientist information Rumi Oyama
What worried me wonder if does not appear or the pillow why bear send Naa Well then a little mountain that may be safe
but
Because there is a streetlight, the darkest place can be taken proportionally
8I'm behind you
Directly below have observatory shop management stand
It is Aid to such a spot too It can easily come by car
that is
It is a nice place in Hokkaido Everyone to Hokkaido
Let's finally goo blue sky
When
Horses and collars
dam
I want to end
Then please see again if you like
If it
me
I aimed at it in timelapse, but on the way back
I think that I want to take just eh an ordinary video a little
Of course I think you can see the car running with a car
Please try to compare with the time-lapse 鯉 press
Hmm
Yes, it will be old-fashioned like this with the video shooting of a brush
Of course you can take it clean
8 is should leave even though I know enough
Widely amateur shot the Kano thorough long distance and long distance travel
After all it will be a long time video
How beautiful and how well I can leave
After all boring 7
In and Tsu taken with us to also say I drive video is such a meaning
You can look back on the travel process in a short time
In a good sense
Yeah Eeeeeeeeee
I think it might be very good
If you like it, please try it . It's a country, so it's easy if you have a car.
Like a beaten pot of steel
Is not a no even after iphone Come
me
I think you can try it like that
Yeah in to say that there is no
I want to run a little more
dare ni